Add ability to sort add-ons by columns (#17135)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* NVDA can now report when a link destination points to the current page. (#141, @LeonarddeR, @nvdaes)
* Added an action in the Add-on Store to cancel the install of add-ons. (#15578, @hwf1324)
* It is now possible to specify a mirror URL to use for the Add-on Store. (#14974)

> * The add-ons list in the store can be sorted by columns. (#15277, @nvdaes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The add-ons lists in the Add-on Store can be sorted by columns. (#15277, @nvdaes)
```
